# Long chain oxidised lipids
Long chain oxidised glycerophosphocholines: Input data includes both fatty acids (oxidised and non-oxidised) and precursor ion. Tolerance for mass matching for precursor and fatty acids can be established and oxidation type can be restricted. 

The tool finds the non-oxidised fatty acid checking the matches over the indoor-built library. The oxidised fatty acid mass never matches a non-oxidised fatty acid. In that way, the tool make hypothesis over the oxidised fatty acid experimental mass over the possible oxidations. Then, the tool annotates the precursor ion. 

There are two levels of annotation of precursor ion: the first refers to the oxidised form, which is searched against list of oxPCs. This search is restricted to the oxPCs containing a particular, previously annotated native fatty acid (e.g. C16:0) and oxidised one (e.g. C20:4(OH)). If an oxPC matching the mass of precursor and containing a particular fatty acid is found it is listed in the column corresponding to the oxPC (e.g PC(16:0/20:4(OH)). However due to the limited numbers of oxPC an alternative search can be performed. The mass of the precursor is deduced and then is searched as a non-oxidised form against the general list of PCs (e.g. PC(16:0/20:4). In this case the search is also restricted to PCs containing particular fatty acids. As a result, a non-oxidised PC is given, therefore to get the identification of oxPC, the pointed oxidation has to be added to the name of non-oxidised PC. The result of these searches, which includes the name, molecular formula and ppm-error are displayed for each oxidation type in separate bookmarks. In the case of multiple hits, expected NLs are reported either for positive or negative ionisation mode. Although identification of oxidised fatty acid is principally based on the information obtained in negative ionisation mode, for some types of oxidation it is also necessary to use information acquired in positive ionisation mode. Furthermore, m/z of signals arising from a particular neutral loose are calculated for the confirmation of a particular oxidation. Then MS/MS spectra from positive and/or negative mode have to be inspected to confirm or reject the oxidation type proposed by the tool.
